hi guys so today I will show you how you
can get rid of dark elbows and knees and
just in case you don't know what that is
instead of picture right here I've
always had it ever since I was young and
I don't know why because I've never
really played in the sport that got me
dirty and such and my mom would always
tell me to scrub my knees at so Bywater
blah blah blah blah but never really
worked recently I found out why it was
dark and it's because I used to do this
off
yes I will literally travel around the
house like that by the way this was a
long time ago and I don't do this now
obviously but what I'm trying to say is
that because I used to do that young it
caused me to have dark knees today and I
don't mean like right now like right now
cuz like obviously I use the treatment
so I don't have dark knees anymore
anyways just cream it finally helped me
get rid of it and I was really really
happy so I hope you try it and I'll post
up before and after pictures later in
this video
okay so for this treatment you will need
half a line and lines are so inexpensive
I got mine at my local supermarket for
10 cents you also need some cotton balls
to apply to them lime juice and a
washcloth or you can use an old shirt
like what I'm using lines are extremely
high in vitamin C which is a powerful
antioxidants as a result they smooth out
skin tone and reduce the appearance of
dark spots first cut the lime in half
because we're only gonna be using half
of the line then just squeeze all the
juice out use the cotton ball to soak up
the juice and then just apply it to your
knees and elbows and just let it sit for
about 10 minutes get some hot water and
it doesn't have to be boiling hot and
just soak your washcloths or an old
stirred into the water then scrub it on
your knees and novels
remember to put on a lotion or you can
use olive oil if you have some in your
kitchen because moisturizing is key to
preventing dark elbows and knees
that's it it was easy home yeah I know
my homeroom readies are always easy so
please subscribe bye